lib: nrf_modem: NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_INIT only allow pre-link operations (#11487)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/nrf_modem_lib.rst

Furthermore, the callbacks ensure that the setup steps are repeated whenever another part of the application turns the modem on or off.
The callbacks registered using :c:macro:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_INIT` are executed after the library is initialized.
The result of the initialization and the callback context are provided to these callbacks.
The callback can be used to perform modem and library configuration that require the modem to be turned on in offline mode.

> It cannot be used to perform a modem link up. Calls to :c:func:`lte_lc_connect`, AT calls as ``CFUN=1`` and ``CFUN=21`` is not allowed, and must be done after :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_init` has returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It cannot be used to perform a modem link up. Calls to :c:func:`lte_lc_connect`, AT calls such as ``CFUN=1`` and ``CFUN=21`` are not allowed, and must be done after :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_init` has returned.
```
